README.md, before:

# FilmArchive

- Deployed Link - 

## Contents

## Overview

FilmArchive is a full-stack website designed to create a community amongst film lovers and enthusiasts. The project is centered around the review and comment functionality which was the initial idea for the project. The reviews aspect of the project allows users to create a review on any film of their choosing and share it. Users are also able to comment on any reviews they find interesting as a way to interact with others. Each user has access to a profile which they are able to add an avatar and a bio. The profile is also a location where users are able to see the reviews they have made as well as their watch later section. By default reviews are saved to the users profile allowing them to easily be managed and acts as a way to track films that have been watched. Furthermore, films can be added to a watch later list if users see any films that peak their interest and want to remember them for the next time they are looking for a film to watch.

## User Experience (UX)

### User Stories

### Agile

### ERD (Database model)

## Design

### Wireframes

### Colours

### Font

### Accessibility

## Features

### Home page

### Nav

### Reviews

### Add Reviews

### Register

### Profile 

## Testing

### HTML Validation

### CSS Validation

### Python Validation

### JavaScript Validation

### Lighthouse Test

### WAVE Accessibility Test

## Deployment

## Bugs

## Future Features

## Frameworks and Technologies

## Credits

Commit message:

Add user stories to UX section in Readme

README.md, after:

# FilmArchive

- Deployed Link - 

## Contents

## Overview

FilmArchive is a full-stack website designed to create a community amongst film lovers and enthusiasts. The project is centered around the review and comment functionality which was the initial idea for the project. The reviews aspect of the project allows users to create a review on any film of their choosing and share it. Users are also able to comment on any reviews they find interesting as a way to interact with others. Each user has access to a profile which they are able to add an avatar and a bio. The profile is also a location where users are able to see the reviews they have made as well as their watch later section. By default reviews are saved to the users profile allowing them to easily be managed and acts as a way to track films that have been watched. Furthermore, films can be added to a watch later list if users see any films that peak their interest and want to remember them for the next time they are looking for a film to watch.

## User Experience (UX)

### User Stories

| User Story | Priority |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| As a **user**, I can view a home page so that I can see relevant information about the website and how it works. | **MUST HAVE** |
| As a **user**, I can create an account so that I can access additional features of the website. | **MUST HAVE** |
| As a **user**, I have access to an account page so that I can view my details, reviews I have made and my watched / want to watch lists. | **MUST HAVE** |
| As a **user**, I have access to a reviews page so that I can see a list of all recent reviews other users have submitted. | **MUST HAVE** |
| As a **user**, I can create a review so I can share my thoughts on a film and interact with the community. | **MUST HAVE** |
| As a **user**, I can edit reviews I have made so that I can update any information about the film / change the review itself. | **MUST HAVE** |
| As a **user**, I can comment on other users reviews as a way to interact with the rest of the community. | **MUST HAVE** |
| As a **Site Owner**, I can create, read, update and delete reviews from the website in order to manage the content that is shown. | **MUST HAVE** |
| As a **user**,  I can add films to my watch later list so that I can keep track of films I want to see. | **SHOULD HAVE** |
| As a **user**, I can delete films from my watch later list in case I no longer want to watch them or they were added by mistake. | **SHOULD HAVE** |
| As a **user**, films I have reviewed will be added to my watched/ reviewed list so that I can keep track of films I have already reviewed. | **COULD HAVE** |
| As a **user**, I can remove comments made on my own reviews so that there are no unnecessary or unwanted comments. | **WONT HAVE** |
| As a **user**, I can edit my comment on a review.  | **COULD HAVE** |



### Agile

### ERD (Database model)

## Design

### Wireframes

### Colours

### Font

### Accessibility

## Features

### Home page

### Nav

### Reviews

### Add Reviews

### Register

### Profile 

## Testing

### HTML Validation

### CSS Validation

### Python Validation

### JavaScript Validation

### Lighthouse Test

### WAVE Accessibility Test

## Deployment

## Bugs

## Future Features

## Frameworks and Technologies

## Credits
